# Capstone Project

### Abstract 				
This capstone project aims to raise public awareness of immigrants’ lack of social integration into their host communities in England. The focus of this project is twofold. First, performing a sentiment analysis on Twitter data (fetched from Twitter’s open API). Using Amazon’s AWS text analysis function, tweet polarity is extrac
ted from tweet texts and used as a valuable indicator of public opinion on immigration. Second, crafting a compelling narrative to increase public awareness of immigrants’ hardship in their host communities, and suggest effective ways to help empower immigrants and strengthen their sense of belonging. The main deliverable is a scrolling website that incorporates these two components into an appealing and easy-to-use platform, which describes the immigration situation in England, ways to help better integration, and a geographical map to visualize trends in public opinion on immigration.						
This report describes the background of the project, meant to provide new readers with a broad understanding of the context of immigration and the relevance of this work. It also includes a description of the project, including data mining, data preprocessing, text analysis, and result interpretation. The appendices provide further information on the targeted HCs /LOs for the final capstone, as well as links to the product deliverables (python notebook to see the analysis, and website).				
Keywords: Sentiment analysis, Twitter data, public opinion, immigration, narrative, social integration, England. 
